It’s you; it’s him; I can’t turn you two away; it’s not fair to anyone; in the future
|We'd better not meet again. Miss Du had a car accident. Why? I can't afford it. I didn't.
Protect you, Ah Yuan, help me, lover, lover, lover, lover, lover, lover.
lover; lover; lover; lover; lover; lover; lover; lover; lover; lover;
Long time no see
What did they want you to hear?
Why are you talking to your father?
Don't think you have a way out
Just driving by
That girl doesn't have eyesight when she walks by herself
I please sue you
If you dare to hurt Su Jiuren again
If you can’t eat, you can only do Su Jiu
Why do I have extra money in my household register?
Someone from Su Jiu appeared out of nowhere.
Chuan'er, please don't deal with dad Xu Zhang
This Su policeman is hungry.